So now we're on the last step, fix the problems and run Carly.
Now, in this lecture, I will assume that you do have trouble with network connections and I'm going
to give you some solutions so that you can fix the problem.
Now, hopefully you're not facing such a problem, so if you don't have a network situation, please,
you don't have to apply any of these solutions in this lesson.
But it's good to have you on the ride and you can always sharpen your troubleshooting skills.
So first off, let's reboot the machine to understand whether the problem is an exception for the initial
run or not.
So I shut down the virtual machine because I want to look at the settings of.
And cook the settings button.
Click processors and memory, I want to make the RAM three gigabytes.
So now I can click the start button to boot it again.
Now, let me look at the network adapter while it's booting click on network adapter, Internet is shared
in that mode and that's what I want.
Username and password are both Carly.
OK, we are in again, so let's check the network connection by clicking the network icon at the upper
right hand corner.
So I think there's a problem on the DHP of the VMware.
Well, anyway, we can live without DHP as well.
So I'm looking at the Wired network.
Don't be confused.
Even though you share the wireless connection of your host machine, it's simulated as a wired network
in the VM.
So let's open a terminal screen and look at the networking service.
If it's running right service networking and press tab twice to see the available commands of the service.
Networking service does not have status command, so I'll assume that it's not started and try to start
it.
And if you are still not connected at this point, let's go to network settings, you can go to network
settings via advanced network settings under the menu.
Or you can right click on the network icon in the upper right corner and select edit connections.
Now click the wheel icon under the wire tab.
OK, OK, I go to the IPV for tab to set the IP manually, click the manual option.
I'll choose an IP for the new COLLEE.
Now the IP block of my virtual network is one seven two one six one one three one eight zero through
24.
So I'll choose an IP from this block.
Net mask is 255 255 255 zero for 24 IP block.
As far as I remember, the gateway is one seven two one six one three one two.
So I use eight, not eight eight eight eight, that's the Google VNS as my DNS server.
OK.
They look at another VMS network settings, so this is Carly I'm currently using go to network settings,
select wired settings.
Click the wheel icon under the Wired tab, go to the IPV for tab.
Yes, the gateway is correct.
OK, I'll reboot the machine to be sure that the changes are applied.
Completed.
So open a terminal screen type if config to see the IP address of the new COLLY, it's two to five,
just as we said.
So let's ping a remote system, for example, Google DNS eight eight eight eight eight.
Yes, we received the response packages, and that works OK now, so to double check, open a browser
and visit any Web site.